DCS Olympus Copyright License

A real-time AI unit control mod for DCS World

Copyright (C) 2023 Veltro & Gang (the "DCS Olympus Team" or the "Rightsholders", which shall be construed as including all members of the DCS Olympus Development Team as individuals)

DCS Olympus (the "MATERIAL" or "Software") is provided completely free to users subject to the terms contained herein. 
The authors and/or copyright holders of the Software have not received any financial benefit in connection with the Software. In any event, the Software is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. In no event shall the authors and/or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the Software or the use or other dealings in the Software. 

THIS MATERIAL IS NOT MADE OR SUPPORTED BY EAGLE DYNAMICS SA.

Any party making use of the Software in any manner agrees to be bound by the entirety of this document. 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.	Definitions

(a)	This “Agreement”, “License” or other similar terms refers to this document.

(b)	“Copyright” refers to laws relating to intellectual property rights which are applicable to software, be they classified as literary works or otherwise.

(c)	The “Program” refers to the software, be it in object or source form, distributed to you pursuant to this License. Each licensee is referred to as “you”. 

(d)	“Modification” and similar terms shall be construed as copying or adapting all or part of the Program other than making an exact copy. Such works as modified shall be referred to as, inter alia, “modified versions” or works “based on” the earlier work.

(e)	A “covered work” means either the Program as is or works based on the Program.

(f)	To “propagate” a work means to carry out an act in connection with the work which is an exclusive right of the rightsholder(s). This includes copying, distribution (with or without modification), and making available to the public. Further, it includes the copying of the Program conducted incidental to technological processes, such as the copying of the Program from storage to memory in a computer required for the execution of the Program. 

(g)	To “convey” a work means any kind of propagation that enables any other party to make or receive copies of the Program. 

(h)	The "source code" of a work in the form of a computer program refers to human-readable text which can be assembled and compiled into an executable computer program.

(i)	“Object code” refers to the non-source code form of a work in the form of a computer program.

(j)	A "Standard Interface" means an interface that either is an official standard defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of interfaces specified for a particular programming language, one that is widely used among developers working in that language.

(k)	The "System Libraries" of an executable work include anything, other than the work as a whole, that (a) is included in the normal form of packaging a Major Component, but which is not part of that Major Component, and (b) serves only to enable use of the work with that Major Component, or to implement a Standard Interface for which an implementation is available to the public in source code form.  A "Major Component", in this context, means a major essential component (kernel, window system, and so on) of the specific operating system (if any) on which the executable work runs, or a compiler used to produce the work, or an object code interpreter used to run it.

(l)	The "Corresponding Source" for a work in object code form means all the source code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable work) run the object code and to modify the work, including scripts to control those activities.  However, it does not include the work's System Libraries, or general-purpose tools or generally available free programs which are used unmodified in performing those activities but which are not part of the work.  For example, Corresponding Source includes interface definition files associated with source files for the work, and the source code for shared libraries and dynamically linked subprograms that the work is specifically designed to require, such as by intimate data communication or control flow between those subprograms and other parts of the work.

(m)	The Corresponding Source need not include anything that users can regenerate automatically from other parts of the Corresponding Source.

(n)	The Corresponding Source for a work in source code form is that same work.

2.	Interpretation

(a)	The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words “include,” “includes” and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase “without limitation.” The word “will” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word “shall.” 

Unless the context requires otherwise:

  (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein); 

  (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person’s successors and assigns; 

  (iii) the words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder,” and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof; 

  (iv) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of this agreement; and 

  (iv) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

3.	Basic Permissions.

(a)	The permissions provided herein are subject to Clause 16 (Interpretation of Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability) of this License.

(b)	The term of this License shall be for the term of the subsistence of copyright on the Program. This License is irrevocable for as long as the conditions set out in this License are complied with. Licensees have an unlimited right to run the unmodified Program. This License does not limit licensees’ rights provided by law, including fair dealing.

(c)	Licensees shall have the right to make, run, and propagate covered works that such licensees do not convey, provided that the license for such licensee remains in effect. Where such conveyance is concerned, licensees shall have the right to convey covered works to third parties for the sole purpose of engaging such third parties to modify the said covered works exclusively for such licensees. Accordingly, such third parties may only make and/or run such covered works exclusively for the licensee, pursuant to the licensee’s instructions, and on terms which prohibit from reproducing the licensee’s copyright works outside of their relationship with the licensee. 

(d)	Conveying the covered works may only be carried out pursuant to the terms of the License. Clause 11 of this license automatically grants licenses directly to downstream recipients of the covered works.

(e)	The rights granted under this License to licensees are granted entirely free of charge. However, the licensee is providing consideration by way of adhering to the conditions of receiving the source code and/or the object code, and there is further consideration in the limitations of liability contained herein. Parties agree that this is good and valid consideration for the purposes of ensuring the enforceability and validity of this Agreement.

4.	Terms Relating to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty Adopted on 20 December 1996

(a)	Parties agree that covered works shall be deemed to not be part of any effective technological measure under any applicable law fulfilling international obligations pursuant to article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on 20 December 1996, or any other materially similar laws prohibiting or restricting circumvention of such measures.

(b)	Upon conveyance of a covered work, the licensee undertakes to waive any legal power to forbid circumvention of technological measures to the extent such circumvention is effected by exercising rights under this Agreement with respect to the covered work. The licensee shall also undertake to disclaim any intention to limit operation or modification of the work as a means of enforcing, against the work’s users, the licensee’s or third parties’ right to forbid circumvention of technological measures.

5.	Conveyance of Identical Copies.

(a)	Licensees shall have the right to convey unmodified copies of the Program’s source code, provided that such licensees conspicuously publish on each such copy a copyright notice setting out the key terms of this Agreement, in particular, that the Program’s source code is freely available, and made available without any representations or warranties. Licensees may not charge any price or fees for such conveyance. 

6.	Conveying Modified Source Versions.

(a)	Licensees shall have the right to convey works based on the Program, or such modifications as may be required to produce such work based on the Program, pursuant to conditions set out under Clause 5 herein mutatis mutandis, provided that such licensees also comply with the following conditions:

  (i)	each such conveyance must conspicuously bear notices stating that the Program has been modified, and the date upon which such modification was made / completed;

  (ii)	each such conveyance must conspicuously bear notices stating that it is released under terms identical to this License, and highlighting any additional permissions granted under Clause 8 herein.

  (iii)	licensees are obligated to license the entire work, as a whole, under this license, to anyone who receives a copy. This License shall apply, as modified pursuant the Clause 8, to the whole of the work and its constituent parts, without regard as to how it is packaged. 

(b)	Where the Program are combined with other works which are not derived from or extensions of the covered work on a storage volume or distribution medium, in such a way that does not incorporate the Program into a larger program, it is referred to herein as an “aggregate”. The inclusion of a covered work in such an aggregate does not cause this License to apply to the other parts of the aggregate.

7.	Conveying Non-Source Code.

(a)	Licensees shall have the right to convey covered works in object code form, pursuant to conditions set out under Clauses 5 and 6 herein mutatis mutandis, provided that such licensees also comply with the following conditions:

  (i)	should the licensee convey the covered works’ object code in by way of physical media, the licensee must accompany the object code with a copy of such covered works’ source code in the same manner in which the object code is conveyed, either on the same article of physical media or on another article of physical media of the same type.

  (ii)	should the licensee convey the covered works’ object code by electronic means, the licensee must accompany the object code with a copy of such covered works’ source code in the same manner in which the object code is conveyed.

(b)	For the avoidance of doubt, a separable portion of the object code, of which source code is excluded from the Corresponding Source as a System Library, need not be included when conveying the object code.

(c)	Further section definitions:

  (i)	“User Product” shall mean:

    (1)	a “consumer product”, which refers to tangible chattels which are ordinarily used for personal purposes; or

    (2)	a chattel designed or otherwise intended for incorporation into real property.

In determining whether a product is a “consumer product”, parties agree that it is irrelevant whether or not a consumer product has substantial commercial, industrial, or non-consumer uses, unless such uses represent the only significant uses of the product. 

  (ii)	“Installation Information” for a User Product shall mean any method, procedure, authorisation key, or other material required to install and execute modified version of a covered work contained in the said User Product from a modified version of its Corresponding Source.

  (iii)	Where a licensee conveys the object code of a covered work pursuant to this Clause 7 in connection with the transfer of title and/or possession of a User Product, the Corresponding Source conveyed hereunder must be accompanied by the Installation Information. This particular sub-clause 7(c)(iii) is disapplied if neither the licensee nor the recipient of the conveyed object code have the ability to install the said object code.

(d)	A licensee shall not have the obligation to provide support services, warranty, or updates for a work that has been modified or installed by a recipient, or for use in the User Product in which such work has been installed. The continued operation of such a work requiring access to a network may also be prevented by a network should such work adversely affect the operation of the network, or otherwise violates legally enforceable terms relating to communication across the network.

(e)	Where Corresponding Source is conveyed and Installation Information provided pursuant to this Clause 7, it must be in a format which is publicly accessible. The licensee undertakes that no password or key shall be put in place to prevent third parties from unpacking, reading or copying such materials. For the avoidance of doubt, such undertaking includes any other method of de facto denial of access.

8.	Additional Terms

(a)	"Additional permissions" are terms that supplement the terms of this License by making exceptions from one or more of its conditions. Additional permissions that are applicable to the entire Program shall be treated as though they were included in this License, to the extent that they are valid under applicable law.  If additional permissions apply only to part of the Program, that part may be used separately under those permissions, but the entire Program remains governed by this License without regard to the additional permissions.

(b)	Where a licensee conveys a copy of a covered work, the licensee may at said licensee’s option remove any additional permissions from that copy, or from any part of it provided that the licensee has the right to do so.

(c)	Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, for material a licensee adds to a covered work, the licensee may (if authorised by the copyright holders of that material) supplement the terms of this License with terms:

  (i)	disclaiming warranty or limiting liability differently from the terms of Clauses 14 and 15 of this License;

  (ii)	requiring preservation of specified reasonable legal notices or author attributions in that material or in the legal notices displayed by works containing it;

  (iii)	prohibiting misrepresentation of the origin of that material, or requiring that modified versions of such material be marked in reasonable ways as different from the original version;

  (iv)	limiting the use for publicity purposes of names of licensors or authors of the material;

  (v)	declining to grant rights under trademark law for use of some trade names, trademarks, or service marks; or

  (vi)	requiring indemnification of licensors and authors of that material by anyone who conveys the material (or modified versions of it) with contractual assumptions of liability to the recipient, for any liability that these contractual assumptions directly impose on those licensors and authors.

(d)	Besides the terms listed in clause 8(c) above, the licensee shall not impose any other additional terms on the recipient of covered works. Where a licensee attempts to do so, this license shall be immediately terminated. 

9.	Termination.

(a)	Licensees shall not propagate or modify a covered work except as expressly provided for under this License. A breach of this term shall result in an immediate termination of this License.

(b)	In the event that a breach of Clause 9(a) herein is cured, then this License shall be reinstated.

(c)	Termination of a licensee’s rights under this section does not terminate the licenses of parties who have received copies or rights from such licensee under this License.  

10.	Acceptance Not Required for Having Copies.

(a)	Acceptance of this License is not required to receive copies of the covered works.  However, acceptance of this License is required to run, propagate, convey, or modify the covered works.  These actions infringe copyright if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by running, propagating, conveying, or modifying a covered work, shall be deemed acceptance of this License on the part of the party carrying out such acts.

11.	Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.

(a)	For each conveyance of a covered work, the recipient automatically receives a license from the DCS Olympus Team to run, modify and propagate that work, on the terms contained herein.

(b)	An "entity transaction" is a transaction transferring control of an organisation, or substantially all assets of one, or subdividing an organisation, or merging organisations.  If propagation of a covered work results from an entity transaction, each party to that transaction who receives a copy of the work also receives whatever licenses to the work the party's predecessor in interest had or could give under the previous paragraph, plus a right to possession of the Corresponding Source of the work from the predecessor in interest, if the predecessor has it or can get it with reasonable efforts.

(c)	Licensees shall not impose any further restrictions on the exercise of the rights granted or affirmed under this License.  Restrictions in this regard include but are not limited to: (1) licensees may not impose a license fee, royalty, or other charge for exercise of rights granted under this License, and (2) licensees may not initiate litigation (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that any patent claim is infringed by making, using, selling, offering for sale, or importing the Program or any portion of it.

12.	Patents

(a)	A licensee who receives a license to use, modify, propagate, and/or convey the Program or a work on which the Program is based shall be referred to, for the purposes of this Clause 12, as an “inventor”.  The work thus licensed is called the inventor’s "inventor version".

(b)	An inventor’s "essential patent claims" are all patent claims owned or controlled by the inventor, whether already acquired or hereafter acquired, that would be infringed by some manner, permitted by this License, of making, using, or selling its inventor version, but do not include claims that would be infringed only as a consequence of further modification of the inventor version.  For purposes of this definition, "control" includes the right to grant patent sublicenses in a manner consistent with the requirements of this License.

(c)	Each inventor grants to each licensee a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under the inventor’s essential patent claims, to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise run, modify and propagate the contents of its inventor version.

13.	No Surrender of Others' Freedom.

(a)	If conditions are imposed on a licensee (whether by court order, statute or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, such conditions shall not release such a licensee from the obligations imposed by this License. In the event that a licensee is required by obligations to third parties to attach prohibited conditions to an act permitted by this license, such as the collection of royalties for conveyance of the Program, the licensee is prohibited from conveying the Program at all. If the licensee proceeds to do so, this License shall be terminated with immediate effect.

14.	Disclaimer of Warranty.

(a)	The DCS Olympus Team disclaims any and all warranties for this program, to the extent permitted by applicable law. The DCS Olympus Team provides the Program “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Program lies with the licensee and any party using the Program, even if such use is in breach of this License. Should the Program be defective, the licensee or any relevant party as referred to in the preceding sentence shall assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. 

15.	Limitation of Liability.

(a)	Unless required by applicable law, the DCS Olympus Team shall in no event be liable to any party for damages, including any general, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the Program (including but not limited to loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by any party or a failure of the Program to operate with any other programs), even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

16.	Interpretation of Clauses 14 and 15.

(a)	In the event that the disclaimer or warranty and limitation of liability set out at Clauses 14 and 15 cannot be given legal effect according to their terms, no license to use the covered works shall be granted.

17.	Governing Law.

(a)	The terms herein shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English Law and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.

18.	Entire Agreement.

(a)	The text of this document contains the entire understanding between the licensee, and the authors and/or copyright holders of the covered works with respect to the subject matter to which it pertains.  It supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (if applicable), oral or written, with respect to such matters.

19.	Unilateral Modification.

(a)	The parties agree that the DCS Olympus Team shall have the right to unilaterally modify these terms (i.e. the agreement between you and the  DCS Olympus Team for the use of the Software), and that parties shall be bound by such terms as modified from time to time. The DCS Olympus Team shall not have an obligation to inform you of such modification, save that such changes will be published on the DCS Olympus Github Repository located at https://github.com/Pax1601/DCSOlympus.


